this male is four meters long he's too
heavy too way but seal expert Dan
Crocker can size him up we're just
looking at him I would guess this males
about 1,500 kilos that's more than three
grand pianos this enormous bulk coupled
with those tusks like teeth makes seal
fights incredibly dangerous
confrontations between males always
begin with a shouting match they're kind
of like two guys in a pub car park after
closing time sizing each other up just
letting rip with that enormous bellow
and it resonates around that grotesque
nose the bigger the seat the deeper it's
caught
so by bellowing males can get the
measure of each other these giants can
sound on 120 decibels the same as a
chainsaw
if one animal is clearly larger than the
other will probably back down or be
chased away but if the two are more
closely matched then all hell breaks
loose these two animals keep getting
closer and closer their bellowing away
and neither is willing to back down when
the odds are even a battle begins this
is the key to why these animals get so
big where they truly are super drives
we've seen two males going head-to-head
like this tearing chunks out of each
other it is truly like one of the finest
planet Oriole contests you've seen in
the whole natural
already there's blood spill everywhere
these two massive animals tons and tons
of blubber and muscle going head to head
with those k-19 from the lower jaw being
used like daggers and the females are
scattering everywhere the last thing
they want is to get caught amongst this
not neither do I've an even larger seal
has joined the fight forcing one male
off the beach and then the other this
massive seal is a beach master he
controls an entire section of beach well
the beach master seems to have seen off
the challenges they both go into the
surf the super giant seal defeated both
rivals and by doing that has retained
the right to mate with every female in
his territory
he is the beachmaster and this is the
reason these animals get to be so big
very few seals ever get to be Beach
masters
although plenty try the stakes couldn't
be higher
the winners might bother a hundred pups
in a single season the losers might die
as virgins